Things Left to do in "Ship Battles"

 1) After researching a bit, start building one of the New Version Updates

Extra Fixing Notes:

 

Other Random Notes:

 1) After adding a new feature, don't forget to mention it on the tutorial with its own seperate slide.

Features To Add on Upgraded Versions (sorted by addition queue):

 1) Ship Upgrading: When selecting a ship, 2 new buttons will be there, the Upgrade Ship buttons.  As a text, it will say "Upgrade Health - ", "Upgrade Damage - ", and the coins required
    for each upgrade. Once pressed, it will remove the coins from the player's treasury, and give the ship +10 max health or avg. damage. Use this formula to increase the prices every
    time the player upgrades a stat: price = timesStatUpgraded * 5. Set the initial value of timesStatUpgraded to 2, so that the first price is 10 coins.

 2) Consumables: When clicking on a ship, there will be a button from which you will be able to buy specific amounts of consumable ship defenses, torpedoes, each one with its own pros
    and cons. They will be single-use. Of course, they will be purchased with coins. Each ship will be able to hold 2 powerups. Also, on the buying panel, show the amounts and types of
    powerups this ship has.

 3) Island Buildings: When the player clicks on an island, show a panel like the ship buying one. Let the player choose which building to construct on this island in exchange for coins.
    Each building will be more or less expensive, and will serve different purposes. Just for fun, if a player builds something on an island, that island will no longer contribute into
    the team's coin revenue. Finally, if anything is built on an island, the enemy will need 2 ships to take over the island, and the building will work for the other team.

 4) Round Events: Every round, get a random event (like decreasing/increasing islands, free powerups for ships, double money,ect). Also make the opup panel say what round event will be
    active during that round.